Update Readme.md (#1904)
opentap/opentap: doc/User Guide/Introduction/Readme.md

| 5        | Aborted      | User aborted test plan                                             |
| 6        | Error        | An error occurred. Check [session logs](#session-logs) for more information |

This hierarchy determines that, for a test plan to output a *Pass* verdict, at least one step must set its verdict to *Pass*, and
the rest must either set their verdict to *Pass* or *NotSet*. This choice represents the most typical behavior for parent steps
containing child steps; a *Sequential* step passes if all of its children pass. However, this is not a hard and fast rule: parent

> steps decide overide the verdicts of their children and set their own verdict conditions.

Reviewer: Weird wording here. Should it say "decide" or "override"?

Author: Good catch.  Better to say
. . . parent steps decide whether to override the verdicts of their children . . . 
(insert words "whether to" between "decide" and "override".

> steps decide overide the verdicts of their children and set their own verdict conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps decide whether to override the verdicts of their children and set their own verdict conditions.
```
